---
layout: prose
title: "11/11/2018"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2018-11-11
---

It was a sunny day and I was drunk as usual. But the sunshine hit me like something soft and warm, and something that makes you happy. I was happy and walking down an empty country road. Never knew what I was happy about. Like how I can never tell why I am sad. But if I try really hard, I can find a logical reasoning on what I might be feeling at a time, not that I am right all the time. When are you not feeling anything that's hard to guess if it's even possible. What is even time if it's not just a perception of what we are. Are we just living in a story that already happened? On the road, I found two stone, reflecting the sunshine like they were small stars themselves, they were blue. I took them up and put them in my pocket. The stones in time got to know who I am, and I, them. And in time I fell in love with them. When we talk about reality, and what it has planned for us; it's like we are almost certain of the irrelativity. While I was walking, I realized I was not wearing anything, but I kept walking anyway. It suddenly hit me, I was actually stuck in a box which was slowly closing in. And inside the box other than me, there was nothing. I was actually stuck in between a heartbeat, there was nothing after the next and everything before the last. As the void slowly consuming my decaying body as I walked some more, I got wary, tired and old. I realized, my right foot is chained to the eye of everything, it's slowing me down. I couldn't remember the way to my home and I couldn't remember who I was. Perhaps I am just a person and just a thought. But I realized home is where the stones are and they are in my pocket. So I held them tight between my fists and sat down. Because like this I am always home, stuck in a timeless box, but I wouldn't rather be anywhere else.




> For anyone reading this, I'd like to them know how this piece came to me. I'm not a storyteller but here goes.
> 
> I have pet birds. And recently for some reason some of them got sick. I tried making them better but unfortunately, some of them died. I have been taking care of them for more than a year and when I first got them they were only a month old. They grew up in my hand, before my eyes. When the birds died, it broke my heart as it would normally to pet owners.
> 
> I'm not going to the parts where I explain the relationship I had with the birds, anyone with a pet would probably understand the relationship between the pet and the owner.
> 
> fast forward, I was watching an episode of American dad, I was pretty down as well. It was an episode about Mexican immigrants in America, and they played the song `Take Me Home, Country Roads - by John Denver`. Without going really deep; the song reminded me of the deceased birds. And I spent the next few hours on grief. This is when the piece came to me. There might not be any canonical connection between the two but, this is how the mind works.
> 
> So the next few hours, I spent on a timeless loop, the song in the background (listened to some other song as well though in between), this eulogy came to me as a proof of that they existed and how they will keep living forever.
> 
> So yeah, this piece is a eulogy, in memory of the deceased birds.