---
layout: prose
title: "18/03/2018"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2018-03-18
---

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/r48H5-aGtYw?si=1g4XvdQ-XwFqgTzv" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Standing on the edge of the time itself and the universe, I still find myself unknown from the world. And nothing riddled me more. What am I rather than a reality perception, burning the universe through my existence. I am the universe, I am the beginning and I am everything.

But the disadvantage of being everything is, I'm everything but I'm alone. I'm alone in this world. Living the same day, every day. I'm everything and everyone but I'm me and only me, but only me. I am fire, and I am ice, and I can be everything and I can do anything.

What is this desire to share time with someone else? Standing on the edge of time itself and the universe, it is beautiful. It's the right amount of warmth. Everything I loved, everything I did, everything I am is coming to an end, and I have been opportunated to witness the ultimate destruction; the ultimate dance, the ultimate music, the ultimate perfection. But I may never end. Time used to be my lover; I can taste everyone die, I can smell every moment end, I can feel every moment colliding into one. I can see time taking one last breath. I felt like I'm a hundred thousand and thousands of thousands year old, and I've been living from the beginning of time. The prophecy; came true.

Just me, into the void. And I'll just keep on falling, as now there's no time to end for eternity. There's nothing, but I'm everything, and there's no one else other than me, as I'm everyone.
