---
layout: prose
title: "10/05/2016"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2016-05-10
---

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/H4j0Q0iGkdY?si=-yIphmSvB7cMl3Lt" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

The hand slowly moved away. Maybe it wasn't that slow in reality from the others, but sometimes, moments stops in between a small fraction of the universe. The pen slows down, pages after pages, almost empty just to define how slow it was, the moment was phenomenal. You could feel the celebration. You can not know of it's existence, but you can feel it. You don't know if it's only you who's in this moment. The train leaves the station, creating ripple between different moments, but the time never stopped, it only bends, for a small moment, not so long when you'll be thrown back to where it actually stand. Tomorrow another train will leave, but not as same as the train leaving before that, or even after. Every train is different, every train was different and, every train will be different. But, what was this hope I could see in his eyes? What was this glimpse of acknowledgement? Almost like, a grand situation felt by more than only one, on a single time. The wind blew by, everyone felt the breeze, it talked, it talked for a moment, it talked of a moment, it talked of times, it talked slowly and, softly. But you couldn't see the lips move. The moment is going to be of a lifetime for you, you'd see the clouds move but the moment, the moment will be the same. Yes I felt it too, but the hope was unknown. If I could just make the moment slower, just enough for me to ask, what that hope truly meant. I did not even take down the mask, but it seemed, everything about me was out in the open, raining down, just waiting to be grasped, but for that moment only and, no one out from the moment could ever feel it's presence, but for that moment, I felt my true being out in the open. Is it possible that the hope is also masked and I can not feel what's behind it? When you look at your hand and look at it while it tries to grab the green light, the light that always hides itself into the mist. Am I even wearing the mask? Can I feel the moment accelerating? Who am I and why do I wear all these masks? Who do I wear all these masks for? I need to take it off, I need to tear it apart, it's suffocating, it's devouring me, it's devouring my soul, I need to take if off to breath, if I can't take it off now, I'll be lost, for how long I don't know. What is this acknowledgement of acceptance, do I feel the same? It looks so confident. This mysterious figure that dances around the mist. when you decide to go reach it, there's nothing you can conquer.