---
layout: prose
title: "29/10/2016"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2016-10-29
---

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SBOVkptjJhE?si=1u-DloGngf8sC1Zg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Just so you know, this is what keeps me awake at night. Colors and, you swing dancing through my floorboard. I have always loved seeing you dancing through the rainbow, with the butterflies. I'd chase you down and suddenly innumerable butterflies will cover you up so I cannot see you a bit. But still, you out shined them. You outshined through the thousand twinkling stars. For an instance, I was certain that the colors were part of you dissolving in the air trapped in my room, with no hole for you to get out, I left none, because I want to trap you, dissolve you and then, I'll sniff you in, all of you. This all is just a preparation for the bigger drug. Your intoxicating soul will let my soul to corrupt and I'll dissolve you in me because that's what I want, you all for myself. You'll be trapped in me and I'll laugh out for the eternity, with your inferiority, my wakening will begin. Again, I won't left any of the smallest hole for you to get out. More yellow, more than ever. Lick of every bit of you with my serpent tongue. I will enjoy every bit of it, every second that you feel me licking you off the floor. Until the whole ocean dry out, it won't stop. I will be red and yellow, I will be blue and green. I will be every color you want to see me in because, you will be me. Your addictive essence will turn me into the animal that I always dreamt of becoming.

>"I found that sometimes I’m able to control the dream and sometimes I’m able to direct myself before going to sleep to dream about certain subject and sometimes I’m not. The important thing was to see your hands in the dream and I made effort to do this number of times and but only a couple of times that I’ve succeed actually seeing my hands during the dream…"

What have I become? Now that you're in my body, I can no longer get you out. I can no longer look into the mirror knowing the true monster that I am. Sometimes when I see myself, when I see my hand holding my red covered eyes, I can't describe how much it hurts me. Rain covered, everything will drown again soon. You see rain, rain. You see rain. Becoming non-existing is gonna take a lot of work. Already my hemorrhaged countenance turned the flood water red and glamorous. How do I turn it back to how it was before? When I become non-existing, I don't any sign of me to leave behind. With all my power, I'll put you to a flower, a red rose, and I'll succumb through all the yellow. I'll now let you float through the river, to where you destine to, to where you always wanted to be, to where you always wanted to go. You will run again and, grow the wings again. The wings that I took away. I don't have them on me anymore. When you fly beyond the skies, when you reach the stars, it will remember you, because you'll always be remembered, you're always to be remembered. Let's have the one last dance and let me submit myself completely for the last time.