---
layout: prose
title: "25/02/2017"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2017-02-25
---

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3SHcq8Gzzu4?si=l4NHkmKC0ZDKlvmQ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Midnight sorrows and bedtime stories. I'll tell you the story of the fanatic duck. Who was in love with a goose. Every day he'd travel and travel, taking the same path, to the lake just to see a glimpse of her white silk-like feather, he'd see water drops rolling down like it was a roller coaster. Oh he wondered, he wondered, how it'll be like to feel her hands. How it'll be like to have their first dance. They'd roll and roll, under a starry sky. She'd suddenly slip into the hole from where nothing comes back, he'd jump right in to save her. They'd keep going in a circle, mesmerized, not aware of any of their surroundings, not even the hungry pack of wolves or the gunman or even the sun when it'll be just over their head. Maybe at some point, you can travel back in time to get back what was meant to be yours. Maybe you'd jump into the flock of green leaves. Frustrated that you're missing out on everything. Maybe you'd take a leap and go flying through the cosmos. One can only wonder how fun it'll be to fly through the cosmos. What's your greatest fear? Maybe if I could get out of this box, I could see the whole world. I could go sit by the river where the yellow bird sings. But there's no time, there's just not enough time, not enough time to do anything. Even failing takes up a lot of you. Chased by the fears, when you get tired, you feel like your heart is going to burst out of your chest. The chase never even stopped. You ran to the top of the mountain, from where the whole world can be seen. You climb into the door to the heaven. Where you meet this really wise man, wise and old. He will tell stories, great stories. Stories of the one-armed soldier, or maybe of the gardener who had a little too many flower plants. Round and round they go. Round and round. Leaving behind the ray of light of every step they took. With time, they became less visible, but they are engraved in the vibration of the existence. Unruined, unspoiled, un-lost. On their way, they visited every planet they passed through. Some of them were blue, some of them were red. Some of them were like rainbows raining down on the ground as golden coins. They met the Venus in Furs. They were lost under the almost blue, and the starry night is all they remembered. And everything else, for the happening of the starry night.