---
layout: prose
title: "24/10/2017"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2017-10-24
---

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dpzrDWsCxLw?si=mDGgnPz_XT_laVcR" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> This doesn't do justice to the song so I cancelled it. I still kept the writing but its not what it should be.

You made me go to an edge and cry. I loved seeing you in that gown. Like the journey on the nebula itself. I'd like to say I'm sorry. I'd like to stop the haunting memories. Once they were just to reflect upon, and not all of them were haunting, some of them were happy memories. Now it's the opposite for some stories, the haunting ones sometimes feel like the happier moments. I guess you don't see me anymore. You don't see my hand; that's empty. I faded between the blues. Like blues in the ocean, like blues in the sky. Like blues in your eyes, like blues in your soul. Like blues in your touch, like blues in your heart. Cleanse my heart, cleanse my soul. Cleanse my wings. Not before so long, I found myself standing on meadow. Water streaming like gold. Like a piercing through my heart. I'd like to take a dance. Dance in the air. Dance through the air, I'm the air. A journey to the childhood. I'd like it to take my breath away. Life is like a cigarette. Sometimes they are still, sometimes they shine brightly. Life is like a horse dying in a park. Life is like a flower getting its first sunlight. It's not always you get to see the dark. It's not always you get to sleep and wake up in your dream. When you're dead but you're still alive, what do you do? Is it like sleeping? Or is it like slipping? What motivates us to wake up every day even though we are all destined to die. What will you do with an eternal life when everyone you know is dead. Not before so long, I found myself standing on meadow. As I laid my body down, I felt a suspicious bulge instead of soft grass and before I could say anything my head was inside the mouth of a snake. Should I kiss it on its tongue? A free fall to the point of infinity. Where you can not comprehend the way of your falling, everything around you is pitch black. Do I know where I'm going? Why am I this lost? Nothing to do other than just laying back and let the darkness consume me until I completely disappear. Let's camp outside in a cosmos of a different universe.