---
layout: prose
title: "01/09/2017"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2017-09-01
---


I haven't seen you for a long time. Running over the green field of the meadow of unforeseen faith. Not knowing when you end and when you begin and when you sleep in the middle.

You kept running away but I kept waiting for you for the hundredth thousandth night. Just to feel underneath your skin again. So that you'd anguish my ripped soul.

Every dream has more significance than you can remember. Can you touch your soul every night so you can collide into it? It's so much more than what my sword can handle. Not every battle is fought with swords and blood. But the tangent line where the smell of fresh blood kept the battle unfinished for forever. Which one do you like the most, the smell or chopping through raw flesh? I like the one where I can do anything I want.

You told me you'll bring me a road full of roses. Like there's no life and nothing to live for. But there's life and everything to live for.

I lived a thousand lives, I'm the last samurai. Every life that I took with my sword, I tasted every one of their blood because I wanted to remember every one of them. I could feel their love, their dignity, their passion, their devotion their fear, their every dark secret. I see them in my dream, I play with them when I'm awake. Then I'd get my clothes off and shower with their blood so when their warm blood can collide into mine and can keep living for forever.

Even though the smell kept the vultures away, but not the maggots. But they were greatly made confused by the other scent that came from that most beautiful flower you'll ever see. When he reached home, or what was left of it, it could never be called a home anymore. Mo'ma, who'll read me bedtime stories now? Who'll feed me when I'm sick? who will take me to the park? I will go to the lake again, and again, and again every day. Because there's no way to home anymore. I'd take the dead hyena on my lap and give it a proper burial but I have no body anymore.

A hundred day, but a thousand memories. You only remember your memories when it's the end. What I wanted is to dance through the universe. I wanted to be one with the universe. But looks like everything has to come to an end. Not all the end means it's the beginning of something new. I tried to touch the sun but came back with a burnt face. No sun is greater than me, I'm the winter. I'm the snake of ice. I will ravish every fire. I will destroy everything that's in my path. I will take you and put you in my dungeon. And put two dragons to guard you so you can not escape.

What's the default emotion? Or is it hollow? Do you know how happy I feel right now? I don't remember what I feel all the other times. I could pick a flower, I could run through the golden stream. This filled me up with so much joy, I can't even contain. I feel like I'm going to burst. Burst into the thin air and fill the universe with joy and happiness and, then only what will be remained is devastation. So if I fill the world with all my happiness, where will all the devastation go?

If I touch anything with these hands, everything will turn into cold dead. It makes me sad. Even time seems to rest now. When will I go to sleep and when will I wake up tomorrow to a new world?

Can you wake me up when it's time? When things stop. I want to float on my own for a while. But if you want to wake me up early, don't lie to me about it. I want you to grab onto my hand and not to let go before I wake up, I don't want to float too far away. Because there's snake waiting to consume me. I don't want it to devour me yet. I'm not ready to smell the stench of myself digesting yet. I want to go to a deep sleep, deep enough to float me away to a place where there's nothing left.

When I was little, I used to believe everything that was told to me. I still do but with great confusion. But I never find anything to distrust until I do. I never knew anything and I still don't. I still know a lot of things yet don't know anything. I still remember all the dreams, and I remember the memories like I remember the dreams. I remember all the angels singing me lullabies, sometimes they sang me the lullabies of death. Sometimes they sang me the lullabies of life. Sometimes I felt pain rising from my chest and sometimes they healed me. But sometimes they drowned me in the water.

Take me with you, take me to every place nice. I will follow you around. Let's fly a kite or lets fly. Because if I don't hide, they will drag me around. They will drag me into the center of the universe. And you can never imagine the pressure on your chest when you're there.

Why would you ever want to be everything when you can never be. Still, I wanted to be everything, so I still want to be everything that I can be. And then I want to go back, I want to go back to when nothing started yet. I want to be able to look at everything again. I don't want to break out of this chain, I want to go back to when there was no chain, to begin with.

What is life? All I can see is a collage of events. Everyone bumping into each other all the time. Can you remember all the faces you bumped into by now? But when it's dark and you're under a street lamp, you know how isolated you get within that circle of light. Because the terror waits outside. Either you go to them or you sit here and spend the whole night. But you can't go to sleep knowing what's right in front of you. Waiting to bite into your fragile bones and rip you apart. digest you and wear your mask. You can not take a single step forward. You peed in your pants because you really had to, and you were scared. What you could do is, you could take your pants off before peeing, because it won't be easy to spend the night wearing that wet pants now. The night is dark, and there is no one in a thousand miles to bring you the light of your own. Where did you lose yours? Or did someone bullied it from you? In your dreams, you kill everyone and eat their flesh, but you're too coward to do that in real life. You will never be one of us. You will never be one of us. You will never be one of us! Come back to your senses. You're tired and you're not thinking right. You need to go back to where you came from and re-take the steps. Come back to us when you can find your steps. You need to make a collection of them so you can hang them in your room and see them the first thing when you wake up. You need to go back to your memories and collect them so you can go back to them when you want to go back to them. If you don't collect them before they are lost, you can't go back anymore because you won't find them anymore. Do you see how you never wanted to die? Do you see how you got back to life? Do you remember the steps? Can you remember the path that you took? If you can't you're stuck here, you're stuck here forever, for forever.

In a circle. Everything's in a circle. A circus in a circle. Let me ride on your back like a horse. And take me to the sun. The bright warm light filled me with colors, they reflected back to me to play with me in the puddle. Everything's in a circle. With me in the middle, and I'm everything.


> this came with a music titled "Best Post-Rock Songs Of All Time (Vol. 1): [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH-y57Ua8dc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH-y57Ua8dc) which has been removed from youtube"