---
layout: prose
title: "24/07/2019"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2019-07-24
---

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZK1DzAOJ08Y?si=RugmldZEW-lPuIZA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Once upon a time, there was a traveller. The one who travelled the whole cosmos and beyond. There was nothing he did not know. He had every face, went everywhere, and experienced everything. One day, he ran out of places to go and lives to live, so he came back home and started farming. For a very long time, everyone he met was himself in a different mirror. That was his world, his punishment that he created for himself. He had nowhere else to go and no one new to know because he is the one who created everything and he is the one who created everyone. His purpose for life was to live. That's what he was created for. For everything he did, there's just one thing left that he has to do. So he left the crops before they turned grey. Because what he had left to do is to go back to the places he went and finish everything he sat in motion.

With all the time in the world, I brought you the light of your demise when you first held my hand. Because you don't know me, my face; my face is the face of death. Because this is what I do, I die. And every time I die, I die a little within me. But the dying never ends. The juxtaposed contractions of the ripples of my existence. But I can give you a way out. The day you kill me, everything is going to end. Because everything in existence is me. Otherwise, this is where I live.