---
layout: prose
title: "Judging Others"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2016-06-20
---

The art of being able to judge people, in my opinion, relies on the vibes coming from a certain being in a given situation and also the environmental living conditions or personal perspective of the person who is judging. In short, that is core relative to the person's (the judged) vibe and the person (the judge's) unconscious mind.

So, before I begin, one thing that I need to elaborate on is what vibe really is. By definition, vibe is a person's emotional state or the atmosphere of a place as communicated to and felt by others. The reason I mentioned the judge's unconscious mind is because, from my believe specially, a person has three kind of mental layers. One is the conscious mind, second the sub-conscious one, and the third one is the unconscious mind. The sub-conscious mind works as a bridge between the unconscious and the conscious mind. But the extend that we (humans) evolved till now (may differ person to person) is, the data that is stored or is to be sent to the conscious mind is kind of lost between (but not entirely) the communication. The only thing that the conscious mind gets to collect is the influence. If we could communicate with our unconscious mind, that would be swell, but since we can not (even though to some extend we can and, it is possible of a person existing who can actually control/communicate his unconscious mind, and as we evolve it's possible that we might achieve that control in future), let's leave it as it is and proceed. A vibe is the energy or the essence that surrounds a person and which is deeply related to that person's inner soul. Our mind can read vibes, which we consciously can not, even though our mind is us, but the reading is done by our unconscious mind and since we can not comprehend everything from our unconscious mind as if it seems almost impossible to dig into, we can however comprehend the influence.

To begin with, what our mind does is it (unconsciously) reads and analyzes everyone that are around us and that analysis is what we call judging that person. The people that are included in the analysis is everyone that our brain can sense, that are around us, even if we are not aware of that person existing around us. What our brain does (metaphorically) is, it keeps everyone's vibe in separate files, and when we need someone's information, it sends us the file. This reading is mainly spiritual, and if the idea of our brain reading into the people's soul is easy to understand, let it be, because it's about right. What a vibe contains is, the person's history to some extend, characteristics and even perhaps the family tree. However, while actually thinking of that person we can only access the influence that our conscious mind can gather, so while making any decision about that person, we might do it wrongfully since only influence is not enough and, we might misinterpret. But the thing most essential to understand is that when we are close to a being, our mind is analyzing them, categorizing them, and coming to decisions even when we are unaware of that person's existence. This is the reason why it might be possible to even dream about that person or someone who has that person's characteristics even if that person's characteristics is unknown to your conscious mind. An example would be, if we imagine a hypothetical class room which contains several benches and every bench can contain two people, and already has one sitting on them, when we are to decide which person to sit next to, we choose one. It's because that person's spiritual pressure or the vibe is maybe similar to us or it might be that we find that characteristic interesting enough to not to sit with anyone else. It can be driven by many cause, it can be even purely sexual. Or perhaps, when we are standing in a line and we might or might not approach to a person, or even we might feel uncomfortable being around a person without even knowing them because, our mind already has every information it needs to judge that person.

A person's vibe may be altered a bit because of the place or situation or experiences that person is going through. One thing is most amazing that is, all this work is done even before a blink of an eye (might vary person to person). And while our conscious mind is judging someone, even though it has all the information it needs, it can reach to a wrong place if it is in a situation that is not helpful enough. It might be because that mind is stressed so, it's overlooking a lot of information or even, if the person is busy and doesn't have that much time to step back and analyze the influences. But the environment is always important because an environment can change even our soul for a period of time, hence changing the vibe entirely for that time being. Our unconscious mind, however, can always trace back to the original vibe, hence the information it gathers or analyzes is always correct. But what might get some of it wrong is our conscious mind, because while coming to a decision it again might starts to analyze everything that it can get since most of the people are not so close to their inner-self. That is the reason why quick judges are mostly wrong. I think, to reach to a final verdict, a person needs to lay back and concentrate onto themselves so they do analyze and consider all the influences for a certain extend of time. So, while quickly judging someone, one should have this in mind that he/she might be wrong so before judging someone, he/she should carefully consider every piece of information they have and do it in a neutral mode.

One other thing that is perhaps important to mention is the title. While analyzing the words, it might feel more appropriate to use the phrase 'understanding someone' rather than 'judging'. Although, the reason behind using the word 'judging' is that, while the unconscious mind is reading through everything and critically analyzing them and categorizing them, it is as if the unconscious mind is judging everything of that individual and setting them to a certain category. What the conscious mind is probably getting is more understanding of the individuals, but the main process that's taking place and the main impact or the influence is through carefully observation and analyzing which is more appropriate to relate as judging, but in the process both understanding and judging is done, but the judging part is the dominant one.