---
layout: prose
title: "Understanding Life - part 3"
subtitle: "Hypothesis on individuality of individuals"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2017-06-22
---

Everyone is different; if you ask a hundred people why they are different, all of them would have a number of things to say on what makes them different from everyone else. However, this is clear that there is a certain individuality in everyone. We all think in a different way; for instance, the way anyone processes a thought when s/he looks at a scenery, or a dog, that person would have different thoughts in their head. Even the emotional projection is unique to a certain extent. When two people talk, words come out of one person’s mouth and reaches the other person traveling through his/her ear, but not a hundred percent of the underlying thought is understood by the listener. Sometimes, the amount is so low that the speaker has to explain repeatedly and the listener is still in dark. Keeping that aside, let us look at color. When I say red, everyone will have a different idea related the color, different emotion towards the color and might even see red differently than the color I see when I see red. Everyone looks different, people think differently, people do things differently and feel differently; however, if we are not sure how differently, it’s hardly a truth! Since we do not know how a person other than oneself thinks or feels, how are we sure that they do it differently? However, we can see that, and also categorize by; someone likes dog when someone else might be a cat person, someone likes pizza and someone else might like hot-dogs better (unlikely) and, a countless number of things people differ on. Not only people look different, they have different set of preferences. But what makes people different from each other and to what extend everyone is different from each other? Or, what is behind this uniqueness of individuality? Before I dive into that, first I will define perspective from a perspective.

However, even before that, a quote from the movie named “Waking life”,

> And this is where I think language came from. It came from our desire to transcend our isolation and have some sort of connection with one another. And it had to be easy when it was just simple survival, like water we came up with a sound for that. but when we use that same system of symbols to communicate all the abstract and intangible things that we're experiencing. When I say love the sound comes out of my mouth and it hits the other person's ear, travel through this Byzantine conduit in their brain, through their memories of love, or lack of love, and they register what I'm saying and they say, Yes they understand, but how do I know they understand? Because words are inert, they're just symbols, they're dead. And so much of our experience is intangible. So much of what we perceive cannot be expressed, it's unspeakable. And yet, when we communicate with one another, and we feel that we have connected, and we think we are understood, I think we have a feeling of almost spiritual communion. And that feeling might be transient, but I think that's what we live for.

`Waking life. Dir. /writer Richard Linklater. Production of Thousand Words. Dist. Fox Searchlight Pictures. 2001.`

Perspectives are simply just point of views. But how do we obtain these so called point of views and what impact does it have on our individuality? What is this ‘point of view’ actually? When we are looking at something, from a specific standpoint that object will appear as what we see when we are looking at that specific object at a specific time and, that will depend on how we look at that specific object or our thoughts or our emotional projection on that object at that specific time. As our intellectuality grows on that specific object, we view it differently with time. The thing about specific intellectuality is- it is constantly changing. A person might see a ghost in a dark night although the ghost was maybe a white piece of cloth, which that person’s mind could not comprehend at that time so it defined the object using, and depending on the intellectual level surrounding that object. The ghost is a special case but it is actually happening whenever we are looking at something. When we look at a glass full of water or just a glass, which is not full, or maybe a pen, we see the object as it is because the light passes through our eyes as information or data about the object, reaches the brain, and the brain does the calculation and processing on the data and lets us view what we see. The brain shapes every object as we see it. That means, the brain might even be even wrong sometimes, which does not happen that often on larger scale. However, on smaller scale, it is more complex.

Everything is inter-connected and synced in a harmonious wave. Imagine a person is looking at a pen. The person sees the pen because his/her intellectuality allows perceiving the shape as a pen. When we look at a phone or a book, we only see the half two-dimensional picture of the book yet out brain let us comprehend it with a three-dimensional feel to it. When a person is looking at a cylindrical object from the side, that person knows it is cylindrical from what his/her brain’s awareness of how it goes normally. However, it can be different. Let us go back to the pen. When a person is looking at a pen, the reason the intellectuality allows it to be appeared as a pen because, the known perspective to that intellectuality is allowing it to be shaped as a pen. We only see what our intellectuality allows us to see. However, if I am to tell that person looking at a pen, that, it is not a pen but it is a horse, and then introduce the person to the perspectives that will allow the person to see it as a horse, the person will continue to see a horse and the intellectuality surrounding that object will have been changed. But it does not mean that, when the person was seeing it as a pen s/he was wrong, and even I am not wrong when I showed him how it could be a horse. A more convenient example would be the mirage. It becomes clear to you that it is a mirage not an actual lake, when you know of its existence. Or, when a person is hallucinating.

First let me elaborate on the word perspective, or the perspective on ‘perspective’ that I mentioned on the first paragraph. Perspective is like a bubble. And inside that bubble there are immense amount of bubbles and, inside them there are more. The main big bubble is the current intellectual level. The shape of the bubble appear as what the current intellectuality lets it to appear. I call it the ‘amorphic existing’. I used the continuous form existing instead of the word existence is to define its tendency to constantly change with time. The little bubbles inside the bigger one (bigger one is the main bubble which shapes the intellectuality), is the perspectives and they are interconnected-to every bubbles like a big pool of networks. However, not every bubble is connected to each other directly yet every bubble is somehow connected to each other through some other bubbles, or even it might connect to some bubbles through even smaller bubbles that resides the other bigger ones. Let the bigger bubble be called Tier-1 and, as the number next to the word Tier increases, it will mean where it resides respected to. i.e. Tier-2 will mean it resides openly just inside the Tier-1 and, Tier-3 will mean it resides inside Tier-2 (Tier-2 is inside Tier-1 so it will mean that Tier-3 is also technically inside Tier-1, but it is respected to where you will be when you get out of the bubble). Tier-2 bubbles are the perspective and Tier-3/3+ are sub-perspectives making up the perspective that a specific Tier-2/2+ bubble means (respectively). And all the Tier-2 bubbles are making up the Tier-1 bubble that makes up the amorphic existing. Well, this is the basic idea but if we combine all the knowledge a person has on everything, it is better to imagine even a bigger bubble and imagine that a Tier-1 bubble is more than one and they are actually the intellectuality level on a specific thing/object/idea. And all of the Tier-1 makes up the Tier-0; which is the overall intellectuality of the person (the name does not matter). The amorphic existence state applies to all of the bubbles because the shape of them depends on what the intellectuality regarding that bubble is letting it to be shaped as. It means, when you are looking at a specific bubble, it might be in a shape of a ball or, it might be rectangular; the shape depends on the knowledge over that perspective. All the bubbles that makes up all the knowledge regarding a specific thing defines the intellectuality on that thing. For example, all the knowledge on a specific chair makes up a bubble that has all the required perspectives inside it.

Furthermore, intellectuality is needed to be elaborated on. When the person looked at the pen, s/he saw the pen because the intellectuality allowed it to be shaped and defined as a pen. Now, when the person was introduced to the new perspectives surrounding that object, the person found new set of perspectives inside his/her mind, which re-defined the object, and if, the object was then successfully allowed to be redefined as a horse, it shaped as a horse. When they were introduced to the new set of perspectives, it does not mean they will find the exact perspective that were intended to be introduced to, it is likely to happen that when looking for it, the person found some close or similar set of perspectives which can make the object to be shaped as something else completely new. How else a person can be introduced to perspectives? In reality, it is happening constantly to everyone all the time, even looking at a sand grain to move might introduce a person to some new perspective(s). People discover new perspectives on their own when they are thinking or spending time with themselves or, even when people are talking or doing something with other people. Everything can introduce a person to new perspective. When two people are talking and the topic is unknown to the listener, the listener is getting to know about all the new perspectives and since to understand what the speaker is speaking of, the listener needs to know of the perspectives related to it, which the listener does not completely. The mind of the listener tries to discover the perspectives within itself to define everything to itself. The listener only understands to the extent of the discovered or already found perspectives. Now, what can be seen here is that, people need to find perspectives or the bubbles within themselves, and even though all the bubble already exist within them, they need to swim around and discover them. The bubbles are not visible to a person before the person gets to know exact how or from which angle it needs to be looked at. From this view, it can be said that there are two kinds of intellectuality. One, where all the bubbles are found, so everything is known on that intellectual level. I call it the ‘god level intellectuality’ or the ‘ultimate intellectuality’. The other one, where not all the bubbles are found, I call it the ‘science level intellectuality’ or the ‘current intellectuality’ or the state is the amorphic existing. Now the god level intellectuality can be respected to everything or it can even be specific, i.e. a cup. When a person has the god level intellectuality on a specific cup and he talks about it to a listener, the listener will only understand in extent of the found perspectives. For a moment, for simplicity, let us think that there is only one big bubble and inside it, there are only a hundred bubbles, hundred being the ultimate intellectuality in this scenario. Now imagine two people, one has the bubble labeled one to forty-five discovered and the other person has the bubble fifteen to sixty discovered. The differences between them two would be the uncommon bubbles they have from each other. This unique combination is within everyone and since the number of bubbles/perspectives are nearly uncountable, the probability of two people having exactly the same combination is nearly unlikely to happen. This is what makes everyone unique.

If we imagine the big bubble as a telescope and the discovered perspectives to be the holes through which the light travel, the thoughts or everything respected to a person is being filtered by the discovered perspectives and only through that a person can see something. But when a mind is thinking, and trying to figure something out, it is trying to find the missing puzzle and through that, it keeps discovering more perspectives (happens constantly). When a person is inside his mind, when the person finds a perspective and goes inside it, they will find more (sub)perspectives and going through each of them will lead the person to understanding what the perspective is. It starts to happen as soon as people are born and, the perspectives they discover makes a person who s/he is.

