---
layout: prose
title: "Understanding Life - part 2"
subtitle: "Conscious and unconscious life"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2016-04-22
---

A sudden realization in the journey of understanding life, there’s something really amazing all around us. It has a significant quality that makes it different than every other kind of life that we can comprehend and, even though it exists almost everywhere our eyes can go, we merely notice the existence of their being. Even though, yes we look at it all the time, and we appreciate the art, the art of life, the art of nature perhaps, we merely try to fit in their shoes. It’s the life without consciousness. So, the question still remains, “what life really is”. From a point of view, it’s a complex algorithm which lets something have a consciousness. But the number of unconscious life is significantly larger than the number of conscious life that we know of, however, the distinction doesn’t really occur to us simply because they are so common. The point of view is always in front of us, but we don’t really notice them because we’re used to looking at it in other different ways. i.e., the point of views in which we can be looking at ‘time’ is limited, and time is so common to us that we all have different point of views to look at the mechanism of how time works, but we seldom try to think of any other views on how time really exists (although, not applicable to most of the people. Used just as an example because perhaps most of the people sometimes find themselves wondering what time really is). Maybe in some other planet or even universe, all the lives are conscious. I guess to understand life, we first have to discover what consciousness is and if consciousness is something that’s responsible for life. Because a lot of people relate to life with consciousness, according to a lot of thoughts, the first life happened when a matter gained consciousness. Is it really the reality of life, or is it the time when life actually began proceeding to the current state? What if, there were some matter which had the essence of life within them, yet they did not present any quality that is needed to know of the existence of their being? Perhaps even the concept of consciousness was non-existent that time.

And what about the larger number of unconscious life? If we keep on connecting and comparing consciousness with life, maybe we won’t be able to reach to a point where we can totally understand what life really is. Apart from the significant quality that the unconscious life possess, what are the things that connect them with all the life that are there? There’s something common that every living thing has. That’s life itself. So, perhaps, in the beginning, we can distinguish or divide life into two different kinds, one is the conscious life and the other one is the unconscious life. But another question arises, how to define consciousness. Like, what is this quality we have that let us know of our own existence or how this thing is actually happening. Another thing, that is perhaps more significantly hard to understand, and can soon become frustrating when you start thinking of it, is the state of the unconsciousness.

There’s something from where we can begin because that something is dominating the unconscious portion of beings, but let’s not begin with that point. There’s something within us that can be related to the concept of unconsciousness. Since we have three layers to our mind, the conscious mind, the subconscious mind and the unconscious mind, we are having these unconscious characteristics within us without being aware of having it. We are only existing through clinging on our consciousness. The question is if the unconscious mind is alive. Why are we (even though knowledge of it’s existence) unaware of the unconscious side of us? Can we be aware of it somehow? Perhaps not. Because we can not imagine us in an unconscious state (perhaps there are some people who can). So, what happens to a person when he’s ‘unconscious’? Or, when their conscious mind seizes to exist for a moment. They lay down on the ground, lay still. The body is tranquillized in a way that’s much similar to the unconscious life perhaps. People, while being unconscious might still see things, might still go through a journey inside them, might see things in the form of a dream. Or, perhaps, when a person is sleeping, how much of the unconscious state is that person in? While a person is in their unconscious state, what makes them have these dreams? The answer is perhaps, not an absolute unconscious state, calling it a semi-conscious state may sound more reasonable. And the dream they have while being in that semi-conscious state is the impulsive pulses of information gathered from the subconscious mind into the person’s conscious mind. Nonetheless, people mostly exist clinging on to their consciousness, and it is merely possible for a person to even imagine what life without or outside of their consciousness is, or can be. But the existence of unconscious life is not untrue. Even within us, there’s this existence of unconsciousness. So, perhaps, if we relate life with consciousness, it won’t be right since it seems to me that, consciousness is something totally different and not related to the real existence of life. Even though, without life, consciousness can be meaningless; but without consciousness, life is not meaningless. So, if someone extracts life from a living being, the consciousness will still remain in them, the three layers of the mind will still remain in them, just that the life will be the missing piece that holds them together perhaps.

It’s time I clear out on the unconscious life I’ve been talking about mostly — The unconscious life that gave me that sudden realization of which I mentioned in the very first line. The importance of that realization is everything of the existence of every thought that’s documented here. The amazing existence of the unconscious life is the plants. It was important for me to let you know, or let you have this more vivid idea of how unconscious life can be imagined. Maybe, until my realization of how an unconscious life can exist, before realizing and evaluating if it’s possible for the plants to be unconscious, and how; I wouldn’t be able to set foot in the right path. The state of the unconsciousness of the plants was made clear to me when I had this realization that, we posses a same kind of state within us, and if you take out the consciousness, the only thing we will be remained with is the unconsciousness. The subconscious mind was created so the conscious and the unconscious mind can communicate. Without the existence of any of them both, the existence of the subconscious mind will cease to exist. If we take off the consciousness, our existence will only revolve around the unconsciousness and life only. The unconscious mind is the most important since it takes care of everything of us without us even knowing. This is how the plants are doing everything, collecting information and making decisions. The plants are, seems to me, a bottled-up life: Essence of Life in a bottle. What is the state of unconsciousness? What is the state of a vacuum? And, why does every living thing, after dying, stop showing the states of the mind and why after dying, the distinctive processes that take place while being alive ceases? And, what is consciousness? Not unlike the plants, everything in our body and mind is being taken care of by the unconscious mind. How much connected the consciousness is with life? The quality, is it something that life itself possesses or is it something that’s possessed by the live beings? If I bottle up a life, is it possible for it to have consciousness? To understand life, perhaps it’s important to understand the mind, body and brain first and, how everything is contacting life and how life is being held inside and what are the influences or impacts, or even how life is actually making each entities have different characteristics.

I will disagree with the relation of consciousness and the existence of life for now. It seems to me that consciousness is just a quality that some of the beings possesses. It’s even possible for a being to not have the unconsciousness and still be alive. Perhaps life is something that we can contain in a bottle. But to understand life, it’s important to know what consciousness is. Is it just a quality of life or is it something completely different? It’s even possible to something existing that defies every definition of life, most importantly the one that says, life is a characteristic distinguishing entities having biological processes from those that do not. Because it’s possible for life to exist even in a place where no biological process is taking place. It’s possible that a piece of sand is alive, how do we know that the sand doesn’t have life in it? Is it so important to something showing the existence of life in it? So it’s convenient for us to distinguish alive entities? It’s possible for a live entity to exist, of which we have no idea. Maybe it’s something made out of pure energy. Maybe something that’s made out of something we don’t even know of existing. Maybe even, ‘life’ is of many forms. Maybe the something that is responsible for the existence of the lives that we know of, is not the only thing that is responsible for the existence of life. I still don’t know what life really is, I still don’t know how to imagine this substantial force of mana. Perhaps, someday I will or maybe I never will, but if I die without understanding what life really is, I will die unsatisfied. Knowing that I could not find the answer, yet, in between the unsatisfaction, I’ll always lie satisfied that I had this question and the thoughts, and more importantly the journey.


