---
layout: prose
title: "Understanding Life - Intro"
categories: [prose]
published: true
date:   2015-04-23
---

I often find myself wondering what is life and why we are here, or, what are we suppose to do with this life we are endued with. Some people say, life is a mission, some say life is a journey, according to some other, life is both, that its a journey and we have to accomplish certain missions throughout this journey. Some other's perspective over life is, life that we are endued with now, is just a roadway to the awaiting afterlife which is the ultimate destination of 'us' or our life and, we are suppose to work on us in this life to get the result, according to what we worked on, on the other life.Like a doorway or a passage, and what we do in this life builds the key that opens that certain door according to what we do in this life. I'd like to add a quotation from the movie, Forest Gump. I don't remember the quote perfectly but it goes something like, “_Life is like a chocolate box, you don't know what you get until you open it and taste one from the box_”.And its not only me in this word wounder about life, or reality, life is the reality that we experience over time. But what reality really is? Is it what we experience? Is it what we go through over time? If I ask 100 people about their definition of life, there's certain possibility that I will get different answers from each individuals.Why is that? Every person has their own definition of life according to their own point of view. So, if I'm to define life, a good definition covers every possible point of view or every aspect, but if I'm to define life, life is what you do, what you experience in your endowed time. 

The scientific definition of life would be, as Wikipedia stated, 

> “_Life is a characteristic distinguishing entities having biological processes (such as signaling and self-sustaining process) from those that do not__”._So,what did we get so far? So complicated. The irony, defining life is so complicated, when, if anyone to define life properly, or in anyway possible, that person has to be enlightened by the opportunity of being alive first. Life is this substantial force of mana that has the power to create something out of nowhere. There are two different kind of people, according to one kind, life can be defined by science and other opposes. Okay, lets get back to the statement that every person has their own definition of life according to their own perspective but, why would different people have different point of view over one thing that every individual have in common? Probably because every person has different way of living. Even every single celled micro-organism has different way of living, has to face different challenges in the life its endowed with. What are the challenges and its influence in life? Does it work as a catalyst? Or the challenges itself is what life is all about?