---
layout: prose
title:  "No title yet"
subtitle: "unfinished, started: aug 13, 2016"
date:   2016-08-13
categories: [prose, story]
published: true
---


# 1.

---

This is a tale of a gardener. Though he’s only sixteen and his gardening only extends to the little piece of lawn in front of his house. He grows Chamomiles, Wild Violets and many other flowers and he takes care of his plants with the tenderness of a rose petal salsa dancing with the gentle whirl of a breeze while slowly descending toward the ground. He has this unspoken bond with his flowers. He’d get angry when his dog would pick the beautiful shrubs to pee on. Enraged, he even thought of killing his dog once. When relentlessly glaring at his dog, the glimpse of innocence that lied in its eyes; in a heartbeat it made him recall all the memories they shared; he realized, no matter how angry his dog made him, he could never attempt to execute this plan of his. Still he’d spend time drawing the plot and thinking of the new side of him that would emerge from the calm lifeless body of the animal he just took life away from; a feeling of supremacy rushed through his body leaving him with goosebumps. But the years spent with the flowers, they taught him the meaning of silence. The motionless moments spent while hatching the plot, the anxiousness made his dog aware of a discomfort. Though it made the boy feel appease but, it made the dog feel more agitated. From marking down their territory to understanding the concentrated negative vibe releasing from their owner, dogs are good at many things. The boy is known to be very well mannered by the people to whom he is known. Despite being only a sixteen year old boy, he was more polite than the other people around his age. His always properly groomed blond hair, blue eyes and pale white skin in addition with his innocent look, he always looked harmless. His dog is a mix between a Doberman Pinscher and a Great Dane that he found near the pond that’s four minutes of walk apart from his house. When he found the dog, a more accurate word would be rescued; it was tied to a tree with all of his chest bones popping out, you could even count them if you wanted to. He wondered who could have shown such cruelty toward such an innocent animal. The dog was half dead when he found it, days of being without food and water already started to kill it through starvation. He still remember how he ran toward the half dead puppy and taking it by his both hands, gently he took it home with him. The moment he picked up the dog, he felt the gratitude reflecting off the tired eyes right before it fell unconscious in his arms. There were multiple marks of wounds in it’s body which made it clear that this crooked affair was done solely for the fun out of it. He gently carried the dog home, tried to wake him up and, offered some water and food. The day was a bliss for the dog after being through the impenetrable battle between life and death. Perhaps only if another day had passed, the dog would give up on it’s will to live, it’d submit itself completely to the incorrigible fate. Managing pulling up enough energy just to pull itself up to the water, the dog again lost consciousness just after drinking a small amount; the food remained untouched. Ultimately the dog did survive but it took the dog near three months to recover from this near death experience.

The boy was named Hugo Fragoso and he was not named until he was one and a half years old. The reason behind such delay was the death of his mother while giving birth to him. After that, his father had lost touch with almost all his humanly emotions for a long period of time. He also grew temporary resentment towards his son as he blamed Hugo for the death of his lovely wife. Though, he did it only in his own mind and showed no lack on taking care of the child. However, soon after he realized the innocence of the little boy, the resentment was eradicated. This realization made him aware of the fact that, Hugo is the last remaining sign of his spouse he loved so dearly, and they only have them both to survive in this world. And now when Hugo is sixteen, he merely knows his mother but the love his father still has for his mother is always shown in his eyes, but whenever Hugo asks his father about his mother, his father always seems uncomfortable talking about it and manages to sneak out by any means. Most of the knowledge he has of his mother is the tales he heard from his neighbors, especially the old lady who lives nearby, who’s spending most of her time sitting on a rocking chair on her porch. Sometimes she’s seen reading books peeping through a golden framed spectacles which always magnified her eyes in the size of a tennis ball. She was really articulate and her aspiring use of precise words in sentences made Hugo feel ambitious, yet a little intimidated at the same time. She spoke of times when his father was truly happy, a newly wed couple. Going to the workplace in the morning and coming back to the tender arms of his lovely wife, to the lovely home when dusk is falling, the sun’s going down, the blazing sky, the  afterglow would pledge the moment a more dramatic turn. His wife would be seen eagerly waiting by the front window on her husband’s return. An ideal couple in the eyes of everyone around them. But sadly, this euphoric life only lasted for no more than three years. When they heard the news of she being pregnant, they were as happy as the most typical couples would be. He took great care of his wife like how a gentleman would take care of a lady during pregnancy, keeping her away from all sort of heavy chores, keeping track of her health, if she’s taking her meals at times and properly, if she’s taking proper rest. But as soon as a new member was added to the family, tragically a member of the family was obliterated. The amorphic mental situation completely shattered his father to pieces. A complete destruction of a perfect family was seen on that day. For quite the time, when his father looked at him, it reminded him of the price that was paid. He’d spend a lot of his time sitting in front of his wife’s grave. Sometimes his eyes would turn red and a drop of tear would be seen peeking through the corner of his eyes. Sometimes he’d give up and start weeping, he’d wrap his hands around his face so that no one can see him crying. But soon he would again dust himself up and take his way to home. A home, to him that seemed only like a dark empty pit. He wouldn’t turn the lights on when he got home, rather he’d spend time sitting in the dark living room, the curtains were always kept firmly closed after that incident took place so not even the light from the lampposts would be able to reach the place, even in the morning the room would seem completely detached from the outside world. Sometimes only the light from the burning cigarette would be seen moving or a cigarette gently put down on the ashtray after only a single or only a few puff and slowly burning unaware of any existence happening around it. And sometimes, a loud sound of a baby crying would be heard piercing through the thick air of the house. But the promiscuous situation did not last long. The home will never return to how vibrant it used to be once, but day by day, everything started becoming less deranged, when years passed by. The curtains remained closed for a longer period of time but eventually it too was seen to be reopened one day.


# 2.

---

Now that Hugo is sixteen years old, he’s been gardening for almost five years now. He can find his own kind of peace in gardening, the time spent with the plants. His father is always at work and hardly home, leaving him alone in the big house all by himself. He spent most of his time roaming around the neighborhood, exploring different parts of it. Since his father is barely around, Hugo never really had someone monitoring his moves. But one thing his father made sure, that he cannot skip school. Old Mrs. Guerra, it's included in her job to get Hugo ready and to see that he goes to school regularly. Mrs. Guerra has been working for Mr. Fragoso for a long time, even before Hugo was born, and she’s treated almost like a family member. She’s been around the good times, the bad times and she saw the home again transcending toward the better times. She’s a true eyewitness to everything that this house has been through over time. But only a little did she speak of the times when asked. It’s nothing personal, she’s an extremely quiet person. One of the reason she likes working for this house is that she never had to unnecessarily interact with someone. Still, Hugo learnt a lot of things on how his family used to be in the past, through her. Despite this one restriction regarding attending school, Hugo has never been imposed with any other major restrictions as to his father they have no considerable significance, to him it’s better for a person to find life through experiencing it. His father was a wise person and he knew exactly what he needs to do to keep everything right. A lot of his classmates are envious of how he could openly do anything that pleased him and this created a lot of silent confliction that gradually emerged a bitterness and acted more of a negative influence when it came to making friends and getting accepted by the people around his age, which ultimately resulted him being coerced into an isolation. It was before when he started gardening, pressurized by the isolation, he accepted living by himself and through all the silence, he was learning how to be happy being by himself. This is what triggered his ‘randomly roaming around the neighbourhood’. One day, after school, while he was in his journey of roaming and exploring the neighbourhood, he was following the seemingly never ending trail beside the pond, the pond that’s four minutes of walk apart from his house. It’s a rather big pond. The vision of the other end is concealed by the spinney that it went piercing through. If you try gazing from this end, you won’t really be able to tell how far the pond may take you if you want to reach the other end. Not that anyone cared, the reason why it still remained secret. His dreadful contemplative state of mind made him lose the track of time and even deprived his attention from where the trail is taking him. Not until nightfall he found himself lost.**